
@c ==================================================
@node clim Application Frame
@chapter Application Frame


@c ==================================================
@node clim Application Default Panes
@section Application Default Panes


@c ==================================================
@node clim :title Pane
@subsection :title Pane

Draws the specified string centered in the pane.


@c ==================================================
@ndoe clim :command-menu Pane
@subsection :command-menu Pane

Displays a button for each command in the specified command table.


@c ==================================================
@node clim :interactor Pane
@subsection :interactor Pane

Runs a command loop which allows the user to input commands via the keyboard.


@c ==================================================
@node clim :application Pane
@subsection :application Pane

Provides a general purpose output pane.


@c ==================================================
@node clim :accept-values Pane
@subsection :accept-values Pane

@b{Show example accept-values pane.}

Displays an Accept Values dialog.


@c ==================================================
@node clim :pointer-documentation Pane
@subsection :pointer-documentation Pane

Displays a line showing information about the mouse. Specifically it
shows what command will be executed when certain mouse buttons are
pressed.  It also shows appropriate text when modifier keys are held
down.


@c ==================================================
@node clim Custom Panes
@section Custom panes

It is possible to create your own pane types and use them as panes
within your application frame.


@c ==================================================
@node clim Pane Layouts
@section Pane Layouts

Not only do you specify what panes are part of the application, you also
need to specify how they are laid out.  Generally this is done by
ordering them in horizontal and vertical stacks.  A single application
may have more than one pane layout.


@c ==================================================
@node clim Commands and Command Tables
@section Commands and Command Tables

@c ==================================================
@node clim Presentation Actions
@section Presentation Actions

Presentation Actions are actions defined to run when a specified mouse
button or key is pressed with a specified set of modifier keys. They
come in two types: the basic presentation action and the presentaiton to
command translator.


@c ==================================================
@node clim Actions
@section Actions

Presentation Actions are actions which run and then return control back
to the command loop.  They do not cause any other actions that are
specified to run after a command is executed, such as rerunning the
display functions of panes.


@c ==================================================
@node clim Presentation-to-Command Translators
@section Presentation-to-Command Translators

Presentation to Command Translators take the presentation that was
clicked on and inserts a command into the command processor.  Once
control is returned to the command processor, that command is run, then
all actions that should be run after a command is finished are run (such
as the display functions for panes in the interface).

Most of your Presentation Actions will be Presentation to Command
Translators with a very few being Presentation Actions.
