\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename clim-how-to.pdf
@settitle Building Applications in CLIM
@paragraphindent none
@firstparagraphindent none
@c %**end of header

@c Command to create PDF
@c   texi2pdf -o clim-how-to.pdf top-level.texi

@copying
@quotation
@copyright{} 2016 Craig Lanning
@end quotation
@end copying

@titlepage

@c ************************************************************
@title Building Applications in CLIM
@c @subtitle 
@author Craig Lanning
@c ************************************************************

@c The following two commands start the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying

@end titlepage

@contents

@c Introduction
@c Designing the Application
@c Topics
@c   Application Frame
@c     Application Default Panes
@c       :title Pane
@c       :command-menu Pane
@c       :interactor Pane
@c       :application Pane
@c       :accept-values Pane
@c       :pointer-documentation Pane
@c     Custom Panes
@c     Pane Layouts
@c     Commands and Command Tables
@c     Presentation Actions
@c       Actions
@c       Presentation-to-Command Translators
@c     Presentations
@c       Presentation Methods (accept, present)

@c ==================================================
@node Book Introduction
@chapter Introduction

I have worked in Lisp for over 30 years.  I started in Zetalisp on a
Symbolics Lisp Machine.  Later I moved to Common Lisp on conventional
computers.

In Zetalisp, I built applications using the object system Flavors and
built the GUI in Dynamic Windows.

Once I moved to Common Lisp, I built the applications in CLOS (Common
Lisp Object System) and the GUI in CLIM (Common Lisp Interface Manager).

When I started using CLIM, I noticed that the CLIM Specification was
really only good for describing the implementation of CLIM.  It didn't
really help me figure out how to use it.  I did that by trial and error.

This book is inteded to fill that void.  We will talk about how to build
a CLIM interface for your object oriented application.  We will use a
few games as examples.


@include ch-clim-basics.texi
@include ch-initial-app-design.texi
@include ch-clim-components.texi
@include ch-adv-app-design.texi
@include ch-app-panes.texi
@include ch-com-tables.texi
@include ch-commands.texi
@include ch-pres-types.texi
@include ch-pres-actions.texi
@include ch-gadgets.texi
@include ch-activity.texi

@c
@c Appendices
@c

@c @node Appendices
@c @majorheading Appendices

@bye
